I've heard my old foe Raymond Blanc is
book signing in town so what better
opportunity to see if I've still got
what it takes
ray white and I go back a long way and
hope he would go a bit of fun with him
he hasn't got the most amazing sense of
humor he's French I'm gonna set myself
three challenges there's no love lost
between us so first can I get him to
sign a book to chef Gordon where's our
song where's the shock wave where's it
blood okay hello mr. blank who uses that
UPS teleprinter it begs water than the
links thank you
well tell yourself would you mean saying
that and doing this
God done he's if chef book-signing done
he hates TV chefs he has a show on TV
currently blessing amazing book I'm
gonna quiz him on that and I know we
don't like t-shirts are you enjoying
being on it yourself no you sent me
expeced you know praise the old yes
awkward question done and finally can I
get a photo for the scrapbook thank you
Thank You Monsieur Blanc done